feat: add env variables (#396)
sygmaprotocol/sygma-sdk: examples/evm-to-evm-generic-mesage-passing/README.md

**Note**

> To replace default transfer from base-sepolia to sepolia use env variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the default environment variables defined with your own using env variables from your `.env` file: 
```
